Ultimate Mobile or PA Mobile Studios (“PA Mobile”) has developed this Privacy Policy to help you understand how PA Mobile collects, uses and discloses information PA Mobile may collect from you and/or your device (computer, phone or other mobile device), or that you may provide to PA Mobile, while using PA Mobile’s mobile applications and any of PA Mobile’s websites located at www.pamobile.co. Collectively, the Apps and Websites are referred to as the “PA Mobile Services.”

For specific information on how PA Mobile collects and uses information belonging to children under the age of 13 in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), please refer to Section 10 of this Privacy Policy.

By using the PA Mobile Services, you agree to how PA Mobile collects, uses and discloses information that is collected from you. If you are under 18 years old, you acknowledge that your legal guardian has consented to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use If you, or your legal guardian do not accept or understand this Privacy Policy, please do not use the PA Mobile Services.

If you have questions or complaints regarding PA Mobile’s Privacy Policy or practices, please contact PA Mobile at contact@pamobile.co

1. DEFINITIONS

The following defined terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

“Financial Information” means information relating to payments and billing (e.g., name, account information, billing address) provided by you. All Financial Information is collected for billing and payment purposes only and will be protected and administered by PA Mobile and/or our authorized third party partners.

“Non-Personal Information” means information that, by itself, does not identify a specific individual or entity (e.g., demographic information, usage data or downloads).

“Personal Information” means specific identifiable information about an individual or entity which may be used to identify, contact or locate that person or entity (e.g., name, mailing address, Device ID (defined below), email address or phone number).

2. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?

Information You Provide: PA Mobile may receive and store any Personal Information, Financial Information and/or Non-Personal Information that you provide when you interact with PA Mobile. Some features and/or functionality of the PA Mobile Services may be unavailable if you choose not to share certain information. PA Mobile may use information you provide to communicate with you and to improve the PA Mobile Services. Here are some examples:

Email Communications: PA Mobile may use your Personal Information to send you newsletters and emails related to promotions and/or events. You can opt out of receiving promotional emails by following the instructions in the relevant correspondence. Once PA Mobile has processed your opt-out request, PA Mobile will not send you further promotional emails unless you later opt back in. Whether you opt out of receiving promotional emails or not, PA Mobile reserves the right to email you with respect to important information, notices or changes relating to the PA Mobile Services.

Contact Us: If you choose to use the “Contact Us” form you will be asked to provide Personal Information, request type of inquiry, and describe the purpose for which you are contacting PA Mobile. If PA Mobile is aware that you are under the age of 13, PA Mobile will delete your email address once your request has been fulfilled.

Geolocation Data: If your location services are enabled, PA Mobile may collect your geolocation information from PA Mobile’s mobile application, but does not ask you for, access, or track any location based information at any time while downloading or using other PA Mobile Services.

Push Notifications: On occasion, PA Mobile will send you push notifications when using PA Mobile’s mobile applications regarding alerts to new high scores, as well as other account information that may be important to you. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may opt-out from receiving them by turning them off at the device level through the settings of the device or by contacting PA Mobile at contact@pamobile.co

Other Information: You may provide other Personal and Non-Personal information whenever you interact with the PA Mobile Services, including, without limitation, when you search the PA Mobile Services, participate in a contest, survey or questionnaire, place an order, or communicate with PA Mobile by phone or email.

With any of the above actions, you may supply PA Mobile with information such as your name, address, phone number, alternate contact information, information about your use of the PA Mobile Services, personal descriptions and product descriptions.

Information Collected Automatically or Through Technology: PA Mobile may receive and store certain Personal Information and Non-Personal Information whenever you interact with PA Mobile. While you are able to visit the PA Mobile Services and remain anonymous, PA Mobile and/or PA Mobile’s third-party service providers may still collect Non-Personal Information through technological means. Such information may be gathered by the following methods:

Tracking: Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by us and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking user’s movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.

Device Information: When you download and use the PA Mobile Services, PA Mobile automatically collects information on the type of device you use, operating system, application version, and the persistent device identifier (“Device ID”). You consent to PA Mobile collecting this information.

Metadata: Metadata is data collected and used to facilitate the PA Mobile Services, monitor system usage, prevent fraud, and for other services. Some examples of metadata that PA Mobile may collect and analyze include, without limitation, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, computer and connection information (such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform), the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click sequence to, through, and from the PA Mobile Services, including date and time, cookie number and any products, services or features you use or interact with arising out of or in connection with your use of the PA Mobile Services.

Log files: As true of most websites, PA Mobile gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.

Tools: PA Mobile may use software tools to measure and collect information about your use of the PA Mobile Services, including, without limitation, page response times, upload and file transfer errors, interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse- overs), features use, purchase tracking and order fulfillment and methods. Sometimes, you will have a choice whether or not to provide information, but if you fail to provide certain information it could impact some features and/or functionalities of the PA Mobile Services.

Information from Other Sources: PA Mobile may receive information about you from PA Mobile’s third-party service providers, or other sources such as purchase or redemption information,PA Mobile Services usage, payment information, reporting information, page-view information, technical, fulfillment, advertising, search information and credit history information.

Mobile Analytics: PA Mobile uses mobile analytics software to better understand the functionality of its Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. PA Mobile does not link the information stored within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the application.

Local Storage Objects: PA Mobile uses Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML 5 or Flash to store content information and preferences. Third-parties with whom PA Mobile partners to provide certain features on PA Mobile’s site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 or Flash to collect and store information. To manage Flash LSOs, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html

3. HOW INFORMATION IS USED, SHARED AND DISCLOSED

PA Mobile does not sell, and generally does not disclose, your Personal Information to third-parties without your consent. Except as set forth in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy, parents have the right to consent to collection and use of personal information from their child without also consenting to its disclosure to third-parties, as PA Mobile does not share information that may be collected from your child. PA Mobile uses Personal, Non-Personal and Financial Information, among other things, to monitor system performance, analyze internal business systems, improve the PA Mobile Services, fulfill requests for additional products and services, contact you about promotional and marketing activities, provide customer support, and conduct research. The use and protection of information is an important component of PA Mobile’s business. Examples of how PA Mobile shares and discloses your information is as follows:

Legal: PA Mobile may disclose information you provide to respond to subpoenas, court orders, requests from authorities, and other legal process, and to establish/exercise PA Mobile’s legal rights. PA Mobile may also disclose your information to defend against legal claims when PA Mobile believes that disclosure is necessary to protect PA Mobile’s rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. PA Mobile may share Personal Information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of PA Mobile’s Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.

Business Transfers: As PA Mobile continues to develop its business, PA Mobile may reorganize as a business entity, acquire entities, subsidiaries, or business units, or enter into joint ventures with third-parties. In any of these types of transactions, any information you provide may be one of the transferred business assets (subject to any pre-existing privacy notice unless you consent otherwise). In the event that all or substantially all of PA Mobile’s assets are acquired or PA Mobile merges with a third-party, your information will likely be one of the transferred assets. You understand and agree that PA Mobile reserves the right to transfer any information collected from you in the case of any such transfer. In such event, PA Mobile will use reasonable efforts to notify you before Personal Information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: PA Mobile may use third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on PA Mobile’s behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, processing payments, hosting, data storage, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. PA Mobile will provide such entities with access to certain information needed to perform their functions, but will take measures to ensure that they may not use it for other purposes. PA Mobile shares information only as described above and with third-parties that are either subject to this Privacy Policy or to a privacy policy that is at least as protective as this Privacy Policy.

4. SECURITY

The security of your Personal Information is important to PA Mobile. PA Mobile follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to PA Mobile, both during transmission and once it is received. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, PA Mobile cannot guarantee its absolute security. While no security system is completely secure, PA Mobile and its third-party partners and vendors take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information collected by PA Mobile. For PA Mobile, this includes, but is not limited to, ensuring that all Personal and Financial Information is disclosed only on a “need to know” basis and ensuring that all Personal Information collected by PA Mobile is done so via secured connections and protected and encrypted (using secure socket layer technology,”SSL”) by industrial grade security software to guard against unauthorized access.

5. ADVERTISING

PA Mobile partners with third parties to display advertising throughout the Services or to manage its advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests if you are older than 13, and contextual advertising if you are younger than 13. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.

6. SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES AND TOOLS

The PA Mobile Services may include integrated social media features and tools, such as the Facebook “Like” button, the YouTube “Share This” button, and interactive mini-programs that run in the PA Mobile Services. These Features may collect information on your IP address, which page you are visiting on PA Mobile’s site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social media features and tools are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on the PA Mobile Services. Your interactions with these integrated social media features and tools are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

7. GOOGLE+ OR OTHER OPENID PROVIDER

You may be able to log in to some of PA Mobile’s mobile applications using sign-in services such as Google+ or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with PA Mobile such as your name and email address to pre-populate PA Mobile’s sign up form. Services like Google+ give you the option to post information about your activities on the PA Mobile website to your profile page to share with others within your network.

8. LINKS TO OTHER SITES

The PA Mobile Services contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by PA Mobile. Please be aware that PA Mobile is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. PA Mobile encourages you to be aware when you leave PA Mobile’s site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the PA Mobile Services.

9. ACCESS/DATA RETENTION

If you or your child’s information changes, or if you no longer desire the PA Mobile Services, you may make corrections and updates, delete inaccuracies, or request deletion or further contact with you or your child, by updating your account information or by contacting PA Mobile at contact@pamobile.co. PA Mobile will respond to your access request within a reasonable timeframe.

PA Mobile will retain you and your child’s information for as long as you or your child’s account is active, or as needed to provide services. If you wish to cancel your child’s account or request that PA Mobile no longer use the information to provide services, contact PA Mobile at the email address listed above. PA Mobile will retain and use the information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.

10. SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING CHILDREN

Information Collected. PA Mobile does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, except as permitted under COPPA. For example, PA Mobile, and third parties acting on its behalf, collect IP addresses and other persistent identifiers from children under the age of 13 to support internal operations for the Services, including but not limited to, analytics and to serve contextual advertising to children.

If it comes to PA Mobile’s attention that Personal Information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, PA Mobile will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you believe that PA Mobile may have Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact PA Mobile at contact@pamobile.co.

Parental Access. If you wish to update, correct, or delete the Personal Information that PA Mobile has for your child, you may do so by contacting PA Mobile at contact@pamobile.co

11. CONDITIONS OF USE/CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

PA Mobile may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to information practices. If PA Mobile makes any material changes, PA Mobile will notify you by email if you have provided an email address to PA Mobile or by means of a notice on PA Mobile’s Services, prior to the change becoming effective. PA Mobile encourages you to periodically review this page for the latest information on its privacy practices. If PA Mobile makes material changes to how Personal Information collected from children under age 13 is used, PA Mobile will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent or, if PA Mobile does not have such emails to contact parents directly, by reasonable means on PA Mobile’s website for the new uses of the child’s Personal Information.

12. CONTACT US

If you have questions or comments regarding how PA Mobile protects your information or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: contact@pamobile.co

PA Mobile Studios,

67 Le Trung Nghia, Ward 12, Tan Binh, HCMC